[BEGIN AD]Support for this American life comes from GoodRx. If you're looking to take control of your health, GoodRx can help you stop overpaying for your prescription medications. With GoodRx, you can compare prescription prices at over 70,000 pharmacies and instantly find discounts of up to 80%. And even if you have insurance or Medicare, GoodRx may beat your copay price. So for simple smart savings on your prescriptions, go to goodrx.com/t a l.[END AD] 

That happened nine months ago in Georgia. 

I was at work and I ate a Reesey's cup, which is what I usually eat. And I don't know, I just felt really sick immediately. 

Taylor was pretty sure, not totally sure, but pretty sure it was the same with Kay in Ohio. She's suspected but it was confusing. 

Yeah, <laugh>. Yeah, I had Covid the same time. So it was just kinda like, is it covid, is it not? I had like a little bit of nausea, but honestly I just kind of chalked it up to not really like feeling the best. 

Ashley in Texas, she was nauseous too, but her kids just had a stomach bug 

And so I had been feeling sick, but then everyone else felt better and come the morning of 4th of July, like I just threw up so hard. I mean I don't, I know this is kind of like too much information, but yeah, I wasn't puking out my food from last night. I didn't have stomach poisoning. I was dry heaving, like it was a pregnancy, hormonal morning sickness, puking, which if you've puked for entire pregnancies before, it's very specific. 

Katie was one of many women whose boyfriends insisted on multiple tests. Her boyfriend did not believe it. 

He, when he saw it, he was like, no, it could be wrong. Take another one, take another one. It's gonna, it's, it could be wrong. And it was one of the digital ones, so it wasn't like we read the lines wrong or anything, it was a digital one and it like came back quick. I was like, there's no way it's wrong. 

It wasn't wrong. She was pregnant. They were all pregnant and they all did not want to be pregnant. But they all lived in states that had just banned abortion. Taylor in Georgia, 

I was very naive about it because I had totally forgot. I think Roe v. Wade was maybe like in May 

This June, the Supreme Court overturned Roe v. Wade, the ruling that made abortion a constitutional right. That happened the week before Taylor got pregnant. 

Yeah, so it was new but it also wasn't something that was like important to me on the regular, you know, day to day. So I got on the phone and I called and they were super rude to me at Planned Parenthood. I was like, well I don't even think I'm six weeks. And I really wasn't understanding what she was saying because she was saying, it doesn't really matter, you we're, we're just not gonna be able to do it, you know? And that's when I was like, oh, like I totally forgot that this is like this new thing where I can't go and get it done. I have to go somewhere else. 

Kay And Ohio was also looking for a clinic. She started calling immediately. 

They didn't have anything for like, I think it was like a month or two and yeah, it was so backed up and it was like that pretty much everywhere I had checked. It was either like a few weeks to a couple months, 

They'd have to wait. It's been nine months since Supreme Court overturned Roe v. Wade and to mark that fact. On today's show, we're gonna look at what these last nine months have been like for people who discovered they were pregnant, right when the laws changed in their states, they came up against a wall trying to find an abortion. These are people who nine months ago found themselves waiting for an appointment, waiting to get together, money to travel, to make a plan, just to get somebody on the phone. And in that waiting, there was time for other things to happen. For instance, Kay and Ohio and Taylor and Georgia were both waiting for an appointment and one day Kay and her boyfriend walked Dairy Queen. 

It wasn't until the walk back that we started to talk about it and we were both kind of joking about the fact that, you know, like, oh, I wonder what our baby would look like. And so we were like discussing like, oh, what color eyes do you think they would have? What color hair? We got to talking about like what we were like as kids and then we were like, yeah, that, you know, could be I guess fun to have our own. I was like watching us talk about how we were and I was like, yeah, that would be awesome to like have you know, a baby with this person talking through it. I was like, oh my gosh, like am I changing my mind? Like am I gonna keep it? 

Taylor started wondering the same thing. She'd been certain until she waited first for the ultrasound appointment and then for the abortion it was weeks and weeks. 

I just spent a lot of time thinking what I wanted. If I felt like, you know, do I wanna have a kid or not? I think it was the first time for someone like me who's very sure of themselves, that was the first time I was ever stumped. 

If Can Taylor had been pregnant weeks earlier, they both would've gotten abortions at nearby clinics. But now this new reality set them both on very different paths cuz they tried to find their way to an abortion from WBEZ Chicago. It's this American life. Amira Glass. Today's show nine months after