[BEGIN AD]
Life comes from Squarespace. Squarespace is the all-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. Whether you're just beginning or managing a growing brand, Squarespace makes it easy to create a beautiful website, engage with your audience, and sell anything. And with fluid engine, creativity comes easy. Start with a website template and fluid engine. Lets you customize every detail with drag and drop technology. Head to squarespace.com/american for a free trial, and when you're ready to launch, use offer Code American and you'll save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.
[END AD]

W b Easy, Chicago, it's this American life. I'm I Glass. 
August, in the era of 1912, the kidnapping, the Dun War Chicago, that was a mystery. Bad to tell, 
Used to be if something was big news, it got turned into a song. This one's about a famous kidnapping that happened in 1912. The kidnapping of Bobby Dunbar, a four year old boy for two years. The details of his disappearance and the search for him and how he was found and the trial of his kidnapper was all front page news reported breathlessly all across the country, but some of the biggest mysteries of the case were never solved until long after nearly everybody involved was dead. Almost a century. After it happened, the mysteries finally got solved and one of Bobby Dunbar's descendants started poking around the old stories, looking for answers she wasn't really expecting to find. Today we devote our entire show to the legend of Bobby Dunbar and what his granddaughter discovered. The messy real story of what actually happened, which as you'll hear, turns out to be a lot more interesting than the legend. Today's show is a rewritten, by the way, Tal McThenia is our reporter. 
Everybody in the family knew it. The legend of Bobby Dunbar, the Lost Boy who was found, well, the 
Legend was that back in the early 19 hundreds, my grandfather became missing. 
My grandfather had gone on a camping trip with his parents. Um, it was on a, a Lake 
Swayze lake. It's a actually a swamp in Louisiana. And he disappeared. 
Bobby was just four years old at the time, and Swayze Lake was teaming with alligators surrounded by dark, thick woods. There was a massive search that started in the swamp and spread across the country, but nothing for eight months until.